doc(README): Add missing definition of jsx example (#191)
vercel/satori: README.md

```jsx
// api.jsx

> import fs from 'fs/promises'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import satori from 'satori'

> const robotoArrayBuffer = await fs.readFile('./assets/Roboto-Regular.ttf')

Reviewer: I think `fs.readFile` returns a Buffer instead of ArrayBuffer. In the example we didn't add the specific code for loading that font is that you can load it via `fs` in Node, or `fetch` in a browser.

Maybe we can add a comment above `data: robotoArrayBuffer,`, that says "You can use `fs` in Node.js, or `fetch` in the browser to load the font. Both Buffer and ArrayBuffer are supported.".

Reviewer 2: Perhaps something like this:

```js
const ttf = './assets/Roboto-Regular.ttf'

const arrayBuffer = fs 
  ? await fs.readFile(ttf)
  : await fetch(ttf).then(r => r.arrayBuffer())
```

Reviewer: But there is no `fs` in the browser / edge, and `fetch('./assets/Roboto-Regular.ttf')` will not work? Pretty hard to get a universal code maybe

> const robotoArrayBuffer = await fs.readFile('./assets/Roboto-Regular.ttf')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    fonts: [
      {
        name: 'Roboto',

>         // You can use `fs` in Node.js, or `fetch` in the browser to load the font file as `data` here. Both Buffer and ArrayBuffer are supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Use `fs` (Node.js only) or `fetch` to read the font as Buffer/ArrayBuffer and provide `data` here.
```

    fonts: [
      {
        name: 'Roboto',

>         //You can use fs in Node.js, or fetch in the browser to load the font. Both Buffer and ArrayBuffer are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // You can use `fs` in Node.js, or `fetch` in the browser to load the font file as `data` here. Both Buffer and ArrayBuffer are supported.
```
